# T2 SDE
T2 System Development Environment
  ... more than a Linux distribution.

T2 SDE is not just a regular Linux distribution - it is a flexible
Open Source System Development Environment or Distribution Build Kit.
Others might even name it Meta Distribution. T2 allows the creation of
custom distributions with state of the art technology, up-to-date
packages and integrated support for cross compilation. Currently the
Linux kernel is usually used, but we also started to port T2 to
support compiling home-brew like open source package add-ons on macOS,
other BSDs, classic Unix systems (Irix, ...) or support bootstrapping
alternative micro kernel systems (like a L4 variant or
Fuchsia). Similarly building Haiku, Android, Minix, Hurd, Open (or
Pure) Darwin, Haiku and OpenBSD could be supported, too.

# Subversion and Git

Historically we adapted SVN when it was state of the art. Currently
we mirror to Git for user's convenience and might switch to it as
primary repository in the future.

# Feature issue bounties

In 2021 René Rebe's https://exactcode.com started a feature bounty
program, at the time of writing paying out 10€ for bounty-S, 20€ for
bounty-M, 40€ for bounty-L and 100€ for bounty-XL feature requests
issues marked so by "rxrbln". The provided patch or pull request must
be reasonable clean code and reproducible (at least mostly) build and
work. Payout thru normal means like PayPal or wire transfer in the EU.

# History

"T2" started as a community driven fork of the ROCK Linux project in
2004 which aims at simplicity, clean and lightweight Linux build system.

"T2" was an intern project name for "try two / second try" or "technology
two". The idea was to eventually choose a more public relation aware
name, but somehow we just kept sticking with t2 so far ;-)
